Add a documentation about debugging from Xcode (#646)
Automattic/wordpress-rs: Documentation/debugging-from-xcode.md

</details>

## Basic Debugging Steps

1. Set a breakpoint in your Rust code:

    ```
    breakpoint set --file <rust-file> --line <line-no>
    # Example:
    #   breakpoint set --file wp_api/src/api_client.rs --line 133
    ```
> [!Note]
> You _do not_ need to set the same breakpoints repeatedly because Xcode remembers breakpoints between sessions.

2. Run your application until it hits the breakpoint

3. Once paused, you can:
   - View variables in the current frame from the left side of the debugger console
   - Inspect struct fields as defined in the source code
   - Step through code using Xcode's debug controls

> [!Note]
> LLDB does not support Rust expressions, so you cannot run commands like `expression --language Rust -- api_root_url.as_str()` to execute functions and print the result.

> ## Debugging from the WordPress app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Debugging from the an app
```

> When debugging Rust code from the WordPress app, follow these additional steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When debugging Rust code from your app, follow these additional steps:
```

1. Ensure your local `wordpress-rs` working copy matches the app's version:

>    - Check the version used in the WordPress app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Check the version used in your app
```
